you are very well oh sorry I I met with
a reduction while ago and he told me he
said next year this morning he just
enjoyed it told me we had a nice little
maintenance well as long as I'm sitting
down you know and witness dad got a
couple of but if any unusual or quick so
you're on color television oh you just
look wonderful just like you coming back
from the war I came as president I
didn't want body too much to attempt I
just want to make sure there was no
misunderstanding I know that is fine
that's whatever my counsel has been an
entire always advocated scary enough to
win because our purpose was opal and
popper and so on and I have said that if
I were in the back in the position where
I was a few years back I would just play
on the basis of winning and winning his
regular cut now the only thing I've ever
said that has any that they can make
anything of it has but who only was
domestic things I said I think the
winning the war is number one priority
problem and I agree with it and I
understand it you ought to waste one
minute of your valuable time
what you've got ahead of you to ever
call me because there's then nobody in
this government that's been more
valuable to me and been more comforting
to me than you have and I'm trying to
win it just as fast as I can in every
way that I know how and I know that you
won't help me if I if I figured there's
one little thing to do I'd have good
pastor over there at five minutes I
wouldn't pay any more attention to
Mansfield speech if it hadn't been made
called man steel flow Brian good many of
frequently just say these things and
it's alright to store them to tell us
how to run organ when you say well I'm
not I don't have the information I don't
want to take president's duty and I
don't I'm not an armchair general of
sideline and I think that's a very
proper position I have told them in the
meetings that at times I've asked your
judgement talk to you about various
things and every time I've found it to
be wise good when we could give you the
facts and a given situation ask you if
you had any recommendations that you'd
give them through channels general good
pasture bring them back so don't you
play one better attention to anything if
I says that there was Patriot you are
here and I'm awfully thankful the good
Lord is spared you so you can help me
and I'm gonna need all that I get and
what they talk about they got mad it
makes a Nixon got out and said well
increased ground forces 25% then he said
we give him in a land well to get him
more with bombers and he changes each
day a to it and Mansfield got irritated
with him and I don't get here take
anymore I just kind of like you do you
said so-and-so on the Korean War I said
fine friends no to military situations
are the same and no to political
situation here is a war that is at most
nasty and unpredictable thing we've ever
put in just as much political news
military therefore when I said in Korea
I just say iqs atomic bombs I said that
I would no more be inhibited or limited
by the gentleman's agreement that this
was prevailing up the time I got there
that is we had to bomb the young bitches
or going or to the bases in China where
this stuff is coming from I'd do it and
I'd use whatever weapons were necessary
to win now I the sense that we dip
evidence and we got done I said unless
this is gonna be done unless the
Arthur's time
well now the conditions at that time we
had a bicycle monopoly of all bomb and
there was no that conditions are not the
same the war is different and now
they're trying to say that they want me
to say what died raised atomic bombs on
it nobody could make such a decision I
space nobody attempted that's right I
just want to point out that I never very
from my stance that this is your
responsibility if I have any ideas as to
what we should do or could do I
communicate them to you run over them
and whenever I have to say about that
based on the critic so this merely that
I want to win the damn war before I
could go to the moon writing out general
do you never use you just you said what
I think you told me that you may have
forgotten but the first visit you made
to my office when I talked to you didn't
I'm over the old executive office
building you told me it's you sent word
through a Dulles to narrow that you are
not going to be bound by any sanctuaries
or any weapons that you can do what is
best for your country and you want to
bring it to an end and you didn't get
specific or anything you just said let
that word get around that Bob Anderson
told me that he heard the same thing and
I think it was a proper thing and
they're trying to get you to say that
you won't drop an atomic bomb on
somebody we know that you you don't do
anything there it's not well thought out
well I mean all I hope I get so you
[Music]
dividing United States at a time when it
needs doing I know that you that you've
always shown that and I told her ever
dirksen this morning he said he made a
little statements morning said we got
one blood out there in one flag
one uniform and I said well I've been
paid a thousand percent I said ever do
you remember when I used to have stand
up and bill Nolan gone the background
attacked president I stand up and
already said yeah sure did I said well
I've been paid a hundred percent
dividends for three years now
okay well I just want to know that well
don't let it please don't let it do it
because I I know how you feel and what
you think if I ever get annoyed by
anything you'll be the first man top two
I never have been but you never done
anything would help me sir
[Music]